## Do you like taking photos?
- Yes, definitely. I find photography a great way to <b><u>record the dribs and drabs of life</u></b>, therefore an album of photos can help us <b><u>recall a lot of sweet and significant moments</u></b>. In addition, a nicely-taken photo can be a piece of art work, which not only provides us with a different angle to look at the world, but probably tells a touching story as well.
## Do you like taking selfies?
- No, I'm afraid not. I've never been enthusiastic about it. Even when I'm doing it, I often feel too embarrassed to strike the pose or put on an exaggerative smile facing my own phone. Only when I'd asked by my parents or some really close friends would I do it.
## What is your favorite family photo?
- It's the photo that was taken when I was 2 or 3 years old. In the photo, both of my parents are sitting in front of a flowerbed. My mother leans on my father's shoulder, <b><u>while</u></b> my father is holding me in his strong arms. My parents are smiling happily, <b><u>but I seem to be looking at something</u></b> curiously and trying to reach it. The photo <b><u>captured the loving and happy moments </u></b>of my family.
## Do you want to improve your photography skills?

- Yes, <b><u>as long as</u></b> it's not too complicated or takes too much time. It's absolutely <b><u>enviable</u></b> to be good at photography, as we can see that better photography skills often enable people to be more popular. But the fact is that technological advancement <b><u>has indeed been making up </u></b>for the lack of skills. Today there is a wide range of smart cameras that can help us take nicer photos.