### Do you remember your dream when you wake up?
- I don't  always remember the pleasant dream, <b><u>on the contrary</u></b>, nightmares are more unforgettable.
- <b><u>Sometimes yes, sometimes no</u></b>. But the thing that really makes me sad is that what I remember isn't always the pleasant dream, <b><u>on the contrary</u></b>, nightmares are more unforgettable.
###  Do you like hearing other's dream?
- In China, there is a superstitious belief. The person can <b><u>prevent the bad things from happening</u></b> in real life by telling it to at least 3 people. In that way, the bad luck would be <b><u>diminished</u></b>.
- No, never. In China, there's a <b><u>superstitious belief</u></b> that when someone had a nightmare the night before, he can<b><u> prevent the bad things from happening </u></b>in real life by telling it to at least 3 people. In that way, the bad luck <b><u>would be shared, reallocated and diminished</u></b>. That's why I try not to hear about other's bad dreams, because <b><u>bad luck is the last thing I'd like to share </u></b>from other people.
### Do you think dreams will effect life?
- Yes, definitely yes. Dreams <b><u>have great impacts on</u></b> life, both <b><u>mysteriously and logically.</u></b> Some of the connections between dreams and life are considered to convey implicit information,<b><u> from which the business of fortune telling is developed</u></b>. And some dreams can affect people's mood, which would lead to certain results logically.<b><u> I mean,</u></b> after a whole night of sweet dreams, one<b><u> would be quite probable to </u></b>make good deeds in the following day.
### Do you want learn more about dreams?
- Knowledge about dreams and <b><u>interpretations</u></b> of dreams sounds pretty cool. I'd love to and have always <b><u>wanted to take a course on that</u></b>. <b><u>Oneiromancy</u></b> can help me to understand mysterious connections between dream and life <b><u>while providing a different perspective to look at the world</u></b>.
### Will you wake up every morning thinking about your dream?
- <b><u>That really depends on whether</u></b> I can remember the dream when I wake up.<b><u> I'm not saying that</u></b> if I can't remember the dream, I won't think about it.<b><u> On the contrary</u></b>, that's the situation when I think more and harder about the dream till I eventually recall it ,like it's said "<b><u>curiosity kills the cat</u></b>". For the morning I do remember the dreams I had, I would probably think more about the bad dreams than good dreams. Horrors<b><u> have greater impacts on</u></b> our mind than joy,<b><u> that's why </u></b>fear and anger are more difficult to control.